{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9\b\f0\fs22 Commands\par
Enable Diagnostic Session\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Command = 1\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}MetaData1 = Mode = SubType\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Disable Diagnostic Session\par
\b0 Forces the diagnostic session back to normal (x1)\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Command = 2\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}No MetaData\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Read Data Identifiers (DIDs)\b0\par
Reads all configured DIDs at once\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Command = 3\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}No MetaData\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Results returned in VeriStand Channels under configured DID\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Read Data Identifier (DID)\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Command = 4\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}MetaData1 = ID value of the DID to read\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Results returned in VeriStand Channels under configured DID\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Write Data Identifier (DID)\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Command = 5\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}MetaData1 = ID value of the DID to write\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Note: Signal values pulled from configured DID\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Write Memory\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Command =9\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}MetaData1 = Address\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}MetaData2 = Service Type\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li1080\sa200\sl276\slmult1 1 = Normal (4 byte address)\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}2 = Configurable (Address length and Size length configurable)\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Address Length (Service Type 2 only)\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li1080\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Number of Bytes to use for the address\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Size Length (Service Type 2 only)\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li1080\sa200\sl276\slmult1\tab Number of Bytes to use for the length\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Note: Signal values pulled from configured Memory\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Read Memory\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Command =10\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}MetaData1 = Address\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}MetaData2 = Service Type\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li1080\sa200\sl276\slmult1 1 = Normal (4 byte address)\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}2 = Configurable (Address length and Size length configurable)\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Address Length (Service Type 2 only)\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li1080\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Number of Bytes to use for the address\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Size Length (Service Type 2 only)\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li1080\sa200\sl276\slmult1\tab Number of Bytes to use for the length\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Results returned in VeriStand Channels under configured Memory\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 MetaData1 = Group of DTCs\b\par
Read DTCs\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Command = 11\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}MetaData1 = Extension\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li1080\sa200\sl276\slmult1 2 - ReportDTCByStatusMask\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}8 - ReportDTCBySeverityMaskRecord\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}9 - ReportSeverityInformationOfDTC\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 MetaData2 = Mask\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}MetaData3 = Severity (Not used in 2 or 9)\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Clear DTCs\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Command =12\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}MetaData1 = Group of DTCs\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Control DTCs\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Command =13\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}MetaData1 = Type = DTC Setting Type\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Tester Present\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Command =14\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}MetaData1 = Response Required\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li1080\sa200\sl276\slmult1 0 = No, 1 = Yes\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Disable Normal Communication\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Command =15\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}MetaData1 = Type = Communication Control\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}MetaData2 = Comm Type\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Return to Normal Mode\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Command =16\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}No MetaData\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Input Output Control\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Command =17\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}MetaData1 = ID value of the IO Control to execute\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}MetaData2 = Mode = SubType\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Note: Signal values pulled from configured IO Control\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Results returned in VeriStand Channels under configured IO Control\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Start Routine\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Command =18\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}MetaData1 = ID value of the Routine to Start\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Note: Signal values pulled from configured Routine\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Results returned in VeriStand Channels under configured Routine\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Request Routine Status\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Command =19\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}MetaData1 = ID value of the Routine to Request Status\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Note: Signal values pulled from configured Routine\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Results returned in VeriStand Channels under configured Routine\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Stop Routine\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Command =20\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}MetaData1 = ID value of the Routine to Stop\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Note: Signal values pulled from configured Routine\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Results returned in VeriStand Channels under configured Routine\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b ECU Reset\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Command =21\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}MetaData1 = Mode\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Clear Status Bit\par
\b0 Clears previous command's status information (Success, Error Byte, VeriStand Error, & Data Length).  It is best to call this after each command has been completed and evaluated.\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Command =23\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b PassThru Channel Based\par
\b0 Sends a raw byte array out.  Allows the user to enter anything.\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Command =30\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}MetaData1 = Service\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li1080\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Allows user to enter anything Service ID + SubType values up to 8 bytes in length\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}e.g. Diagnostic Session would be a x10 03 where x10 is the Service and x03 is the SubType.\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 MetaData2 = Service Length\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li1080\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Defines the number of bytes to use in the Service ID.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}eg. Diagnostic Session would be 2.\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 MetaData3 = DataLength\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li1080\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Allows user to enter any number of additional bytes to pad the raw message with.  Padded value will be 0.\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 MetaData4 = Response Required?\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li1080\sa200\sl276\slmult1 0 = No, 1 = Yes\par
\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Responses\par
Success\par
\b0 0 = Failed, 1 = Executed without Error from ECU\par
\b Error Byte\b0\par
UDS Error Code (3rd Byte in Negative Response)\par
\b VeriStand Error\b0\par
Returns any error generated during communication of a particular command.  Error code is specific to Automotive Diagnostic Command Set driver.\par
\b Data Length\par
\b0 Returns the number of data bytes (when possible) in a response.  Not used for non data based functions (Disable Communication, Diagnostic Session, etc.)  Note: This only includes the data bytes.  Repeated Service ID and SubType are ignored.  E.g. Reading of a 2 byte DID would only return a value of 2 here. \par
}
 